CS-12GP Project Proposal
Guild: Wise Guys

I. Wise Guys Guild Members
--------------------------
Nicholas Anderson -- World / Level
William Craig -- Enemies
Nathaniel Larsen -- Powerups, Projectiles
Ben Smith -- Main Character
Cole Tomaro -- Status & instructions

II. Core Concept
----------------
Our guild project is a platform game in a single frame. the player starts at one position of the map and must find their way
to a key which unlocks a door to the next level. The player will be able to jump and pickup and throw items to help them avoid 
death from falling or from enemies encountered through the path onward.

III. Game subsystems
--------------------

A. World / Level : Nicholas Anderson
Desrciption: The environment that the actors work in. Our world will potentially be platform style labrynth. This is still up
for change.  But i believe the wise guys are going for a puzzle platform game type.
Classes include:
1. Subworld of World: the world that the characters work in.
2. Platform: The platform image of actor superclass that makes up worlds geometry.
3. Doors and Background: Doors and background artwork that makes up platform and the world.

Planned Images:
Background artwork jpeg image.
platform jpg image.
Doorways and gateway images.
Background obstacles and barriers.

Planned Sounds:
Doors and Gateways opening and or closing.
Potential Background music or sounds (potentially as a guild proccess).

Planned Animation:
Doorways, gates, bridges, and or obstacles opening or closing.

B. Player controlled main character : Ben Smith


// put your text here


C. PowerUps : Nathaniel Larsen
Items which can be found around the play map to help the player reach his goal of progressing through the locked door
-Classes include:
Key - Must be picked up and taken to the door to pass through
Rock - Can be picked up to be thrown at enemies
Shield - Absorbs enemy projectiles for a given amount of hits
Health Potion - Restores the players health from damage taken from falling or fighting

Object collision:
- player colliding with a health potion automatically consumes it iff any damage has been taken
- rocks that hit enemies knock them out or kill them
- player colliding with a shield makes them impervious to the next SHIELD_PREVENT damage
- player colliding with key allows them to open one locked door

Planned Animations:
- rock tumble (projectile motion) left and right
- wave shrinking around player when shield is picked up
AND/OR
- smoke around player when shield is depleted

Planned Sounds:
- Thunk sound of a rock hitting something
- Glug sound of player drinking potion
- 'tink' sound of shield absorbing impacts

Planned Images:
- rock
- red or green potion bottle
- shield emblem
- key

D. Enemies : William Craig


// put your text here


E. Status & Mechanics : Cole Tomaro


// put your text here
